Umbraco Commerce Taxes Documentation (#6380)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-commerce/reference/taxes/fixed-tax-rates.md

﻿---
description: Fixed Rate Taxes in Umbraco Commerce.
---

# Fixed Tax Rates

> Fixed rate taxes allows you to define a single fixed tax rate that will be applied for all products of the same type shipped to the same country. This is a simple option that is useful for countries that have a fixed tax rate (the norm in EU countries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed-rate taxes allow you to dynamically calculate the tax obligations of an order by using third-party calculation platforms. This complex option is useful for countries with different tax rates for different product types or regions within the country (the norm in the US).
```
